README.md, before:

### BREWCOP

**B**REWCOP is a **R**aspberry pi that **E**lectronically **W**eighs **CO**ffee **P**ots

A 2018 Hackathon project produced this python script, which talks to a
point-of-sale scale sitting under the Technivorm Moccamaster at work.
Slack notifications are issued when the pot transitions to *brewing*, *ready*,
or *empty*.  The scale is also functional for weighing beans.

### Touchscreen

The Raspberry Pi 2 used in this project has a
[Touch Screen](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-touch-display/).

It uses the Pi DSI connector for data, and the [Pi GPIO](https://pinout.xyz/)
for power:

* Pin 4 (5V) to red wire
* Pin 6 (GND) to black wire

The display is inverted by default on our brewcop for some reason.
This must be added to `/boot/firmware/config.txt`
```
lcd_rotate=2
```
and this to `/boot/firmware/config.txt`
```
video=DSI-1:800x480M@60,rotate=180
```

The pi is configured to login as `brewcop` automatically and start
`brewcop.py` which takes over the display using [urwid](https://urwid.org/).
Urwood needs to be installed:
```
sudo apt install python3-urwid
```

### Scale Interface

The scale is a
[Avery-Berkel 6702 bench scale](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n3imd2Zp-DZ9iqJYqm4FAiBpAGmSxwYa)
purchased on Ebay.

It is interfaced to the Pi via a serial port.  Since the scale runs at
standard RS-232 signal levels and the Pi serial port uses 3V3 signaling,
a [NulSom Inc. Ultra Compact RS232 to TTL Converter with Male DB9 (3.3V to 5V)](https://www.amazon.com/NulSom-Inc-Ultra-Compact-Converter/dp/B00OPU2QJ4)
is built into the DB-9 connector shell.  The converter connects to the Pi GPIO:

* Pin 1 (3V3) to red wire
* Pin 9 (GND) to black wire
* Pin 8 (UART TX) to brown wire
* Pin 10 (UART RX) to orange wire

The device appears as `/dev/ttyAMA0` on the Pi, after disabling
console output in `raspi-config`.  No NULL modem adapter was
required between the converter and the scale, which expects a
serial configuration of 9600,7N1.

The `query` program down in the `test` directory can be used to do a
quick weight query to the scale to test connectivity.
```
$ ./query
0.000000
```

### Network

The Pi 2 doesn't have on-board wifi, so a WiPi USB network dongle is used.
The hostname is `brewcop.local`.

### Slack Notifications

Currently disabled.

#### Release

SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause

Commit message:

add back slack notify capability
Problem: slack notifications were dropped in the rewrite.

Add them back, but this time use a webhook instead of the
python SlackClient (now slack_sdk) as it's simpler, and the
interfaces we used in 2018 are now deprecated.

When configuring the brewcop "app" in Slack, select
"Incoming Webhooks", enable them, and select the channel in
your workspace that brewcop should post in.  In brewcop's
.bash_profile, set and export SLACK_WEBHOOK_URL to the URL
shown so that brewcop.py will pick it up when it runs.

Restore the messages we thought up during the hackathon, plus
one more.

Update README.md.

README.md, after:

### BREWCOP

**B**REWCOP is a **R**aspberry pi that **E**lectronically **W**eighs **CO**ffee **P**ots

A 2018 Hackathon project produced this python script, which talks to a
point-of-sale scale sitting under the Technivorm Moccamaster at work.
Slack notifications are issued when the pot transitions to *brewing*, *ready*,
or *empty*.  The scale is also functional for weighing beans.

### Touchscreen

The Raspberry Pi 2 used in this project has a
[Touch Screen](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-touch-display/).

It uses the Pi DSI connector for data, and the [Pi GPIO](https://pinout.xyz/)
for power:

* Pin 4 (5V) to red wire
* Pin 6 (GND) to black wire

The display is inverted by default on our brewcop for some reason.
This must be added to `/boot/firmware/config.txt`
```
lcd_rotate=2
```
and this to `/boot/firmware/config.txt`
```
video=DSI-1:800x480M@60,rotate=180
```

The pi is configured to login as `brewcop` automatically and start
`brewcop.py` which takes over the display using [urwid](https://urwid.org/).
Urwood needs to be installed:
```
sudo apt install python3-urwid
```

### Scale Interface

The scale is a
[Avery-Berkel 6702 bench scale](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n3imd2Zp-DZ9iqJYqm4FAiBpAGmSxwYa)
purchased on Ebay.

It is interfaced to the Pi via a serial port.  Since the scale runs at
standard RS-232 signal levels and the Pi serial port uses 3V3 signaling,
a [NulSom Inc. Ultra Compact RS232 to TTL Converter with Male DB9 (3.3V to 5V)](https://www.amazon.com/NulSom-Inc-Ultra-Compact-Converter/dp/B00OPU2QJ4)
is built into the DB-9 connector shell.  The converter connects to the Pi GPIO:

* Pin 1 (3V3) to red wire
* Pin 9 (GND) to black wire
* Pin 8 (UART TX) to brown wire
* Pin 10 (UART RX) to orange wire

The device appears as `/dev/ttyAMA0` on the Pi, after disabling
console output in `raspi-config`.  No NULL modem adapter was
required between the converter and the scale, which expects a
serial configuration of 9600,7N1.

The `query` program down in the `test` directory can be used to do a
quick weight query to the scale to test connectivity.
```
$ ./query
0.000000
```

### Network

The Pi 2 doesn't have on-board wifi, so a WiPi USB network dongle is used.
The hostname is `brewcop.local`.

### Slack Notifications

When configuring the brewcop "app" in Slack, select "Incoming Webhooks",
enable them, and select the channel in your workspace that brewcop should
post in.  Ensure that `SLACK_WEBHOOK_URL` is set to the URL shown in the
environment of `brewcop.py`.

#### Release

SPDX-License-Identifier: BSD-3-Clause
